All right welcome back to the students on the last lecture we discussed.
We learned now how we can value the right.
Let me open my BHB storm for some reason it was close so we had a valley day and we put this function
idea in the post right here in the post controller right in the store method.
So our post create was redirecting us every time we try to create a post without putting anything in
there.
As you can see right here now the problem with this is doesn't give that much feedback.
We don't know what type of errors or they use are those and know what type or where errors they are
committing.
Or making So if they had you know 100 lines of form inputs you know it would be hard for them to know
which one is wrong.
So to display errors and that's what I'm getting at.
We need a functionality Now when this automatically fails.
All these errors are going to be saved in a Errors variable like this.
Errors are OK and that's going to be available throughout the whole obligation.
Now the we need to create a group.
All right.
And I'll show you right now.
After we create.
Actually as a matter of fact let's go and do that right now.
Let's go to routes right routes.
We need to create a group array wasn't always like this.
Would it have to do this before but each version of labo changes so right now correlated to 5.2 we need
to create a group.
All right.
And if you guys even if you are in lecture 7 8 or 9 version or 20 or your version of Claribel or the
end of this course I will always keep updating it so that way if we create another future course it
will be updated to the recent version you know that is available that time.
OK so always look at the last lecture's or the sections that say you know it was different than 5.7
or Clarabelle cits was different.
You know you're going to see those different sections when I will the Course are I always going to try
to keep this updated as possible.
All right so we need to create a group and we need to insert here a middleware.
Now we have now this cost about made aware yet we just know that this is a security feature and I will
explain to you more about that later.
But right now the middleware is WEP.
OK the second parameter that would pass is a function closure function and then would bring it down
.
Now this raúl right here.
OK.
Would be.
Now there's all these routes will be available in this middleware.
Cold wet.
OK and we got different kinds of made aware.
This is a security feature for Clarabell.
All right.
So if you had another type of middleway here you can create your own.
By the way I'll show you that.
And you don't later lectures.
But this is for the web.
Everything that's going to be available for the web made aware would be available here.
Everything that we putting sigh.
So if we had another one then there is one other one called off for three sation.
This will be more secure.
This will be for users that are already logged into our application.
All right so right now making this web available to everyone to everybody OK.
And this is just because we are creating a very simple application.
I'm not going to make users slogan to do this now because we still have not created like a logging application
or logging functionality yet.
OK so anyway let's go back to where we were creating.
So now this is available.
The Aeros array or errors a variable is available to use.
All right.
For this routes.
OK so let's go and let's go to the create here and here is super simple we got to do is do a couple
of conditions here to make this work OK.
So let's do if and this closer right away.
So we don't forget and little condition here.
So I'm going to count when I use the function count from BHB going to see if the count of errors is
actually more than 0.
I want you to do something right.
So let's create a little diff year I'm going to give it a class of alert and then another.
This is a bootstrap class.
OK.
So it does create a you will and now we just loop through it.
We're going to look through the variable on the end for each.
You know I really don't like the indentation you guys really don't like it.
But anyway so we're going to save errors when I look through it and I believe this is a all method as
error.
There we go I think I'm doing it correctly.
I don't use it.
I don't do this much like this by hand because I have a snippet.
I'm going to show you in a minute how to do that how to create a snippet and BHP store so that way you
don't have to keep writing the same thing over and over because as you know we use a lot of forms write
applications so we're going to display this error.
OK.
And we go.
All right I think we're good.
We're set.
Let's check it out real quick.
All right.
All right so if I don't write anything you can see that the title field is require and the content field
is required.
Now of course we don't have the input for the content there.
We could if we wanted to do that and that is coming from here.
So now if I do this we only get one there.
OK.
And of course you can customize the rules and I explain to you about that before.
OK well you can just put mats on all four characters or something like that.
So if I go and do this the title may be may now be longer than four characters you see that.
Pretty cool stuff with a simple little cold.
Right here you can make all that happen.
All right so now you know how to create.
All right is validation code and even display the errors already so you're golden guys.
You're really doing awesome if you're following me and you learning all this stuff.
Really cool stuff right.
Anyway thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next lecture.